Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)
I pay my respects to His Royal Highness Prince Qing.
Welcome His Royal Highness Prince Qing back to the city
Stay still
I'll leave Shun Lao Zhao Fang to you.
I'll come back when he recovers.
Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)
Okay, I'll inform His Royal Highness Prince Qing then.
Ling'er, you've been out for so long.
Why don't you return to the palace?
Zhao Fang is injured
I have to take care of Zhao Fang
that
Zhao Fang has made such a great contribution to our Lieyang Country
I am a princess
He should be looked after on behalf of the royal family.
oh
Hate it
Hahaha
Okay, Master, I understand.
Master, you don't believe me
How could I not believe you?
only
Pavilion Master
You are finally back
Something bad is happening.
Wu Po
What happened
The elders were poisoned.
What
Let's go back and take a look
Ling'er, go and settle Zhao Fang down.
yes
I finally arrived in the capital
Even the Killing Tavern didn't kill Zhao Fang
It seems that I can only take the initiative to find Zhao Yuanzong
Zhao Yuanzong, because I have the Yin Ding breeding body
Will definitely help me deal with Zhao Fang
Sir, you are finally back.
Met the Master
This is
Miasma
So brave
I'm not here for half a month.
You actually went to the Misty Forest without permission.
This is us
Didn't I warn you?
You can't just break into the Misty Forest.
Pavilion Master
The Misty Forest is too tempting for alchemists.
We had made all the preparations before we went.
Who would have thought that Zhao Yuanzong
The miasma-repelling pills I got in exchange for them didn't work at all.
We must have been tricked by Zhao Yuanzong.
Pavilion Master
Now we are all terminally ill
I hope the Pavilion Master can make a detoxifying pill.
Save me, wait!
I was seriously injured by the ancient demon Tu Sen
In a short time
I'm afraid there's no way to refine a fourth-grade top-grade detoxification pill.
What
The entire Lieyang Kingdom
Only the Pavilion Master and Zhao Yuanzong are fourth-level alchemists
If the Pavilion Master cannot make the detoxification pill
We want to survive
Don't you have to ask that bastard Zhao Yuanzong for help?
Zhao Yuanzong
Even my injury was taken into account.
Is he colluding with the Mo family?
You're all here.
Zhao Yuanzong
civil
My headache is killing me
I feel like I have no strength at all
Where am I?
Where is Qingxuan?
This is Danbao Pavilion
Congratulations to the host for completing the second stage of the Ancient Demon's Advent mission
Reward: Lingyun Xianbu
One million merit points
The realm is raised to the Nine-Star Martial King
I was promoted directly from a nine-star general to a nine-star king.
The mission was really rewarding.
In an instant, I actually improved my cultivation by a whole level.
You finally woke up.
I thought I was going to change my account.
System
Where is Qingxuan?
You don't have to worry about Mu Qingxuan.
I heard that she has gone to Zhao's house to get married
so
What did you say
She was taken to Zhao Yuanzong
I saw that she went there on her own initiative.
Zhao Fang, let me tell you
I've seen a lot of women like this.
You don't have to take it to heart
She must be fickle
wanting
Qingxuan would even sacrifice her life for me
How could I change my mind for a scum like Zhao Yuanzong?
She must have been forced.
I'm going
You force the gun
Now it's backlash
Not three to five years
I'm afraid I won't be able to recover.
Three to five years
Uh-huh
Our Zhao clan meeting will begin soon.
Do you have any pills?
Let me recover immediately
You need one million merit points.
Exchange for a higher level blind box
Only then can you open a fifth-level super healing pill
It can instantly heal your injuries.
You are ordering food based on the person you are dealing with, right?
I just earned one million merit points by completing a mission.
Your blind box is worth one million.
You really think I'm stupid
I am a fifth-level alchemist.
Do I need to buy the fifth-level elixir from you?
Although you are a fifth-level alchemist
But you were in the Zhao family
Haolie also has a pot for you to make elixirs
You don't have anything in your hand now.
You forgot where this is.
This is Danbao Pavilion.
I want to borrow a Dan Ding
It shouldn't be difficult.
That seems to make some sense.
Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)